Privacy Policy for Loan Shark
At Loan Shark, accessible from https://github.com/klyushnik/LoanShark/ and Google Play Store, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our users. 
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Loan Shark and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

Log Files
Loan Shark does not use log files.

Personal identifiable information
Loan Shark has a functionality that lets the user pick a contact from the phone's contact list to use the contact's name and phone number in the app. 
Loan Shark does not use such information for anything other than display purposes and a possibility to call or message a contact from a 
user-initiated action (the user must touch the phone number, and touch the CALL or SMS option to place a call or message the contact). 
The author of the app does not collect any personal identifiable information from any user.

Advertisers' Privacy Policies
Loan Shark does not use advertising of any kind.

Third Party Privacy Policies
Loan Shark's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. 
Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. 
It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.

Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, 
participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.

Loan Shark does not collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.

Online Privacy Policy Only
Loan Shark does not have any online functionality.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this app.

Consent
By using this app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
